Upload to transport request scenario (#855)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/scenarios/rfc-upload/Readme.md

> # Build SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori Applications and attaches it to a transport request on an ABAP system via RFC with Jenkins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build an SAP Fiori Application and attach it to a transport request on an ABAP system via RFC with Jenkins
```

I think this title will need a  couple of iterations.

> Build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori with Jenkins and attaches the build result to a transport request in an ABAP system.

Reviewer: Could we add an image here? @SarahNoack

## Prerequisites

* [Docker environment](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/)
* You have set up Project “Piper”. See [guided tour](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/guidedtour/)

> * A transport request

Reviewer: + Docker environment

Author: ???

Reviewer: oh please disregard ... my bad :)

* Docker image for attaching binaries to transport requests via RFC available. Due to legal reasons there is no pre-build docker image. How to create the docker image is explained [here](https://github.com/SAP/devops-docker-images/tree/master/node-rfc)

### Project Prerequisites

This scenario requires additional files in your project and in the execution environment on your Jenkins instance.

On the project level, provide and adjust the following template:

| File Name | Description | Position |
|-----|-----|-----|
| [`mta.yaml`](https://github.com/SAP/jenkins-library/blob/master/documentation/docs/scenarios/rfc-upload/files/mta.yaml) | This file controls the behavior of the MTA toolset. | Place the `mta.yaml` file in your application root folder and adjust the values in brackets with your data. |

> Depending on your setup more files are needed (e.g. for node builds `Gruntfile.js`, `package.json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the modules in your MTA, additional configuration files are required, e.g. `pom.xml`  or `package.json`.
```

## Context

This scenario combines various different steps to create a complete pipeline.

> In this scenario, we want to show how to build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori by using the multi-target application (MTA) concept and how to attach the build result to a tranpsort reuqest inside an ABAP system. This document comprises the [mtaBuild](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/mtaBuild/) and the [transportRequestUploadFile](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/transportRequestUploadFile/) steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we want to show how to build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori by using the multi-target application (MTA) concept and how to attach the build result to a transport request inside an ABAP system. This document comprises the [mtaBuild](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/mtaBuild/) and the [transportRequestUploadFile](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/steps/transportRequestUploadFile/) steps.
```
